feat(data tiering): add docs (#1748)
timescale/docs: _partials/_cloud-data-tiering-beta.md

<highlight type="cloud" header="Request access and start tiering">
To request access to the private beta for data tiering:

1.  Sign in to your [Timescale Cloud
    account](https://console.cloud.timescale.com/).
1.  Click on the service where you want to enable data tiering.
1.  Navigate to `Operations`, then `Data tiering`.

> 1.  Click on `Request access`.
> 1.  We will contact you shortly to grant you access to the private beta.

Author: ```suggestion
1.  Click on `Request access`. An email goes to our support team, who can
    help you get access to the private beta.
```
